[BREAKING] do not serialize fields abi, devdoc, userdoc and storage-layout (#10409)
ethereum/solidity: docs/080-breaking-changes.rst

* Declarations with the name ``this``, ``super`` and ``_`` are disallowed, with the exception of
  public functions and events.

> 
> Command Line and JSON Interfaces
> ================================

Reviewer: In breaking changes for older versions this section used to be called "Interface Changes" so let's keep it that way:

```suggestion

Interface Changes
=================
```

Reviewer: @ssi91 Just noticed that this is marked as resolved but has not actually been changed. Could you add the change?

Reviewer: Actually I see that all the changes have reverted to previous versions. Looks like you just removed those commits instead of squashing them.

Author: oh, yeah, I forgot to pull the commits which were commited here as suggested ones. I will bring them back

> * Changed output of `--combined-json`. Content of JSON-Fields `abi`, `devdoc`, `userdoc` and `storage-layout` are sub-objects now. Before 0.8.0 they were appeared as serialised to strings.

Reviewer: In reStructuredText you need double backticks to get the same effect as in Markdown. I also tweaked the wording a bit:

```suggestion
* Changed output of ``--combined-json``. JSON fields ``abi``, ``devdoc``, ``userdoc`` and ``storage-layout`` are sub-objects now. Before 0.8.0 they used to be serialised as strings.
```
